Document helm executor plugin (#186)
kubeshop/botkube-docs: docs/usage/executor/helm.md

---
id: helm
title: "Helm"
sidebar_position: 3
---

Botkube allows you to execute `helm` commands on your Kubernetes cluster. By default, `helm` command execution is disabled. See the [**Enabling plugin**](../../configuration/executor/helm.md#enabling-plugin) section from the `helm` configuration documentation.

To execute `helm` commands, send message in the following format in the channel where Botkube is already added:

```
@Botkube helm [command] [flags]
```

At least one `helm` executor needs to be enabled and bound to a given channel.

## Supported commands

> The Helm executor plugin has the exact same syntax as the Helm CLI. However, no all commands and flags are supported. If not supported flag is specified, you will get a dedicated error, e.g:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Helm executor plugin has the exact same syntax as the Helm CLI. However, not all commands and flags are supported. If an unsupported flag is specified, you will get a dedicated error, e.g:
```
